# CS-230
The Gaming Room, owner of Draw It or Lose It, wanted to bring the Android game to the web. So that it can run on multiple platforms. Browsers like Safari, Firefox, and Chrome to run on Windows, macOS, Linux, and mobile. The requirements were having multiple teams with multiple players, unique game and team names, and keep a single game instance. The design uses a Singleton and Iterators/ID to prevent duplicates. What I did particularly well is sticking to the business requirements with my technical decisions. Game has Team, Team has Player, and the GameService singleton keeps it central, connective, and unique. The different platforms were also evaluated and I reccomended Linux as it is affordable, stable, and practical for our needs. The process steps that were helpful when coding was keeping to that business and technical requirement standard, making sure to do single instance and unique names. The UML model helped me learn the class needs and relationships, using methods like addGame and getGame. What I would revise is the design constraints. They weren't really measureable and set a tighter acceptance criteria like they should have been. So improving that with something like "Render in less than 3 seconds." to help test it better. I interpreted user needs and implemented them in a few different ways. To keep the names unique it went through checks before being ID generated. Used a singleton to keep a single source for the game. Multiple team/players with Game to many Team and Team to many Player. It also runs on multiple platforms so many users can play. Understands user needs is important, especially for a game, as it avoids confusion and future issues. Like having the same team name or only working on one OS. I approached the designing software by understanding these steps (added a few for future strategies); requirements to design constraints to domain model to platform choice to security to the code. I would do this going forward. Understanding the user stories and acceptance criteria. Use diagrams like the sequence diagram to better understand the system flow. Secure a multi-platform setup using authentification and HTTPS/TLS. It is also good to test as you go to make sure there a less issues. 
